# Vozyvoto

Vozyvoto (voice and vote) is a study of group participation (both in
terms of speaking and being addressed by other speakers) in the
proceedings of government assemblies.

The current demo was put together during the 3rd Hack(at)ONG in
Cordoba, Argentina in September 2016 (see
[write-up](Hackatong2016.md)). It analyzes the participation of female
representatives in the congress floor, a topic of interest for FUNDEPS
which (among many other things) studies the impact of mandatory gender
quotas in the Argentinian ballot.

The long term vision is a site that allows for experimentation using
different subgroups of representatives defined by the user and also
assemblies from other countries and government levels.

See http://vozyvoto.ie4opendata.org for more information. There is
also a [roadmap](ROADMAP.md).

## En español

Vozyvoto es un estudio de la participación (tanto en términos de
hablar como de ser mencionado) de subgrupos en asambleas
gubernamentales.

La demo actual fue concebida durante la 3ra Hack(at)ONG en Cordoba,
Argentina en septiembre del 2016 (véase [esta descripción, en
inglés](Hackatong2016.md)). Analiza la participación de las diputadas
en las sesiones del congreso, un tema de interés para FUNDEPS una
fundación que (entre muchos otros temas) estudia el impacto de las
leyes de cuotas por género en los comicios argentinos.

La visión a largo plazo es armar un sitio web que permita experimentar
usando distintos subgrupos de representantes detallados por el usuario
y asambleas gubernamentales de otros países y niveles del gobierno.

Véase http://vozyvoto.ie4opendata.org/index_es.html para más
información. Está tambien disponible un [plan de trabajo, en inglés](ROADMAP.md).


